health docs copy update (#158)
department-of-veterans-affairs/developer-portal: src/content/apiDocs/health/communityCareApiIntro.mdx

VA’s Community Care Eligibility API utilizes VA’s Facility API, VA's Enrollment & Eligibility system and others to satisfy requirements found in the VA MISSION Act of 2018. Please visit the official [VA MISSION Act of 2018](https://missionact.va.gov/) page for more information about the specific requirements.

> The Community Care Eligibility API allows consumers to provide Veteran’s the ability to know if they meet the following MISSION Act requirements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Community Care Eligibility API allows consumers to provide Veterans the ability to know if they meet the following MISSION Act requirements:

```
